<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azurerm-avm-res-management-servicegroup/members

A terraform module for deploying members to a service group.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.service_group_member](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the service group member.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: The target ID of the resource to be added as a member to the service group.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_service_group_name"></a> [service\_group\_name](#input\_service\_group\_name)

Description: The name of the service group to which the member will be added.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_tenant_id"></a> [tenant\_id](#input\_tenant\_id)

Description: The tenant ID where the service group is located. If not provided, the current tenant ID will be used.  
In order to use cross-tenant resources, you must authenticate using a principal that has access to both tenants.  
The AzAPI provider support this via the `auxiliary_tenant_ids` property.  
The process to enable cross-tenant service principals is outside the scope of this module.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource id of the Service group.

### <a name="output_service_group_member"></a> [service\_group\_member](#output\_service\_group\_member)

Description: The members of the Service group.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->